welcome to level TV from building very
happy for 2013 and you can see in a
background we have by Sol Republic sound
of life here the brand new deck speaker
which is introduced with Motorola
together here on different colors we
have white blue and red and red blue
yeah I actually already said all the
forecasters actually yellow maybe even
also and I can just choose one I think I
will take the red one a blue and I'm not
sure let's see which one is on you just
have to turn it on a right here on top
then we have 10 hours of battery life up
to a range of a hundred feet or 300 feet
depending if you are inside or outside
and you can see also that we have an in
and out by audios we can connect up to
8m of them also together or you can even
connect it to your stereo so you have em
this nice little device here on the
stereo to cut to and be able to reach
your stereo wire bluetooth from your
smartphone so that's quite amazing and
another interesting feature is the heist
mode by Motorola and sorry public where
we can say that up to five people can
control the deck here why a Bluetooth
and steal the music or on a party for
example if you don't like the music
that's playing right now so to connect
you only name to and put the device
right on top here why NFC I will just do
that here at the Google the Nexus 4 tabs
Mart phone there NFC should be turned on
and you can see here on the bottom it
says it is connecting it is blinking
blue
and it's playing music already you buy
hard well you can just turn up the
volume you have also either plus or
minus button right here can really set
volume also here now if I want to
connect another smartphone
damn it will have a different color you
can see ok this music I hear right now
it's not a perfect newzik I just have to
go into my Bluetooth settings say I want
to connect to okay probably I don't know
which one but one of these was the right
one so now you see my iPhone is the red
one just go to the side you can set the
volume here again as you were able to
see and now as you can see it's the
green and the red one and I can just
really go back here again if I want to
use this one just say deck again it was
the neck action should be and I know
it's in here
or not the apps it's a different deck
the easiest way is probably just to put
NFC here so the easiest way with Android
usually and then you can really just
connect here and we can play again with
the blue device which is of course your
Nexus 4 but this is not it
yeah everything do myself an indoor and
an outdoor mall so if you press the
motorola button for a long time you can
switch between indoor and outdoor
outdoors you have less space but more
highs means the sound will be also
outdoors quite good after hundred feet
had 300 feet outdoors as I said you can
go with from the Bluetooth device it
doesn't matter which one doesn't have to
be a nexus or an iPhone can be any and
you have also a little case for it where
I can just put in the device then it's
protected from any scratches and dents
can just close it up like this and the
Sun will still go through here and has
this nice little Republic logo and
everything and it's a little bit also
waterproof you can't you can't throw it
into the water but like if there is any
rain or anything that shouldn't be a
problem and now you can still put it in
your pocket it's really light ten hours
of battery life as I said but it's still
a good size to just really put it in
your pocket if I my pocket will be empty
of course you can really just put it in
your pocket and just take it with you
not like any other speaker we have seen
so they're usually big bulky and then
they have maybe five to ten hours of
battery life this really has ten has
four to five colors 200 bucks is the
price starting in October when we will
come out with Motorola and sword public
this is the deck think much watching the
next time listen and again don't forget
to subscribe our Channel
this was the SOL Republic Jack bluetooth
speaker here from the iPad 2013